Alerts                  Alerts
Buttons                 Buttons
Collapses               Collapses
Modals                  Modals
Tooltips_and_Popovers   Tooltips and Popovers
addPopover              addPopover
addTooltip              addTooltip
bsAlert                 bsAlert
bsButton                bsButton
bsCollapse              bsCollapse
bsCollapsePanel         bsCollapsePanel
bsExample               bsExample
bsModal                 bsModal
bsPopover               bsPopover
bsTooltip               bsTooltip
closeAlert              closeAlert
createAlert             createAlert
popify                  popify
removePopover           removePopover
removeTooltip           removeTooltip
tipify                  tipify
toggleModal             toggleModal
updateButton            updateButton
updateCollapse          updateCollapse
